[Workers] RedwoodSDK framework - reformat (#22348)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/redwoodsdk.mdx

RedwoodSDK is a composable framework for building server-side web apps on Cloudflare. It starts as a Vite plugin that unlocks SSR, React Server Components, Server Functions, and realtime capabilities.

## Deploy a new RedwoodSDK application on Workers

<Steps>
1. **Create a new project.**

	Run the following command, replacing `<project-name>` with your desired project name:
		<PackageManagers
			type="exec"
			pkg="degit"
			args={"redwoodjs/sdk/starters/standard#main <project-name>"}
		/>

2. **Change the directory.**
	```sh
	cd <project-name>
	```

3. **Install dependencies.**
	<PackageManagers type="install" />

4. **Develop locally.**

	Run the following command in the project directory to start a local development server. RedwoodSDK is just a plugin for Vite, so you can use the same dev workflow as any other Vite project:
		<PackageManagers type="run" args={"dev"} />

5. **Deploy your project.**

	You can deploy your project to a `*.workers.dev` subdomain or a [Custom Domain](/workers/configuration/routing/custom-domains/), either from your local machine or from any CI/CD system, including [Cloudflare Workers CI/CD](/workers/ci-cd/builds/).

> 	Use the following command to build and deploy. If you're using CI, make sure to update your [deploy command](/workers/ci-cd/builds/configuration/#build-settings) configuration accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Use the following command to build and deploy. If you are using CI, make sure to update your [deploy command](/workers/ci-cd/builds/configuration/#build-settings) configuration accordingly.
```
